hi this is journalist from Bailey world
is where our world tour
we're in City of Industry California
there's a Frank's uncollectible back
there or typically find any old day
please may be metal masters metal fusion
I don't know maybe the old gen so
there's a sign back there or we'll be
going inside let's just zoom in on the
sign there
so let's go inside there was in Toronto
the one we when I went to the wavelet
our thing was humongous thing so it's a
veteran with Firefox
Oh internal sternum yay three days late
to making
good place
Hingham hurts
that's a lot
yeah
sh t garage
they have those so what are you looking
for
Genevieve so we funnel Jim beyblades I
have no idea who this is but thread it
has Articuno on it I don't know what
spirit it is take two I guess the old
generation being a boxing Navy
stay tuned
that's my animals
where is it 9525
you know you maybe
- a journalist from merely rotten eggs
it's our world toward will litter Tokyo
downtown Los Angeles in California
there's an entertainment um hobby shop
jungle some people in tiny funny an
amazing me place so let's go inside hide
so yeah we're inside there's a fave
light random booster volume - where you
got the inacol um they got this purple
launcher
purple I guess like doing watching it
with the record and they got this
accessory so yeah it's a lot of bad ones
for sure
so please make sure you like this video
make it your favorite and share whose
families watching open during this video
so excited